I
remember
he came up behind me. I didn't see him face to face.
He came up behind me. He said, would you like to
dance? And I turned around and said, yes. And our
family joke is, he asked you what attracted you. He
always told you. And the way she walks. That's the
way she walks. Oh, he fell in love with you from
behind. So I turned around, and I said, well, yes.
And then I turned around, and we just kind of
collided. That's our St. Arnold movie. Yes. That
star that Mrs. Patman told me about that was on the
way, you know, comes and hits you. Everybody has
it. If you stand there, if you're in the right
place, then it's... And you knew it when it
happened, or you knew that something was... You
knew something was happening. You knew
something. You know something is happening.
Uh-oh, the temperature goes up. Well, it wasn't a
trip. It wasn't quite that straight. There were
some... She had a boyfriend at the time. Nice
evening dancing and everything. And... I know
where it is. It's right across from the Holiday
Inn. It's right by the Holiday Inn somewhere it
sounds like. It's the Holiday Inn that was... I'm
sorry, go ahead. Right. Yes.
Right,
get it up
front. Yes. Mm-hmm. i think it was perfect one of
each and it feels to me yes nice and neat yes not two
and one yes one and one that's nice to that point who
were at least my you know my age i was 39 when we met
and didn't have any children he liked that idea and
i can see why now of a family sort of all together
ready-made not eight and one or something like
that one
of a kind so then um we were chased down uh bayshore
by him no he chased him he chased you once You talk
about excitement. How would you like to be chased
by your girlfriend's boyfriend down Bayshore at
60 miles an hour? What did he want to do, do you
think? I don't know, but he was right behind us. He
happened to run across you when he got angry that
you were together? I couldn't believe it when I saw
him in the rearview mirror. She saw him. I couldn't
believe it. He turned off. He turned off. But, you
know, I'd never been followed on the freeway.
Except, I mean, I worried about it a lot, but I'd...
Yes. But I'd never dreamed that it would be some...
Sure, your girlfriend's boyfriend. Yeah. To get
you into difficulty. Yeah. You know, of all...
Having survived this long to be caught in this
silly way. Yeah. This man is now an attorney in Los
Angeles. I'm really freaking out when this book
ever gets to Los Angeles. If it ever gets to Los
Angeles, I got a call today from Palo Alto from
somebody who needs help. It'll get it all over.
Wouldn't that be nice? So, you know, the life was
always exciting, you see. Not always, of course.
You didn't tell about our honeymoon. Well, we had
to kind of lay the foundations that we were getting
married. But the anxiety part, again, the actual
wedding and all that, we probably should talk
about it also sometime. That was at Lake Tahoe.
Lake Tahoe, because the assistant district
attorney was my best man. That's tweaking the
nose. Well, he was my best friend. One of my best
friends. Wait, but how did you get a best friend who
was an attorney assistant? He was a law student
when I knew him. We played tennis. He loved to play
with me, you know. He was not as good a player, so he
always asked me to play. And he was the best looking
guy that I knew. He was terribly handsome.
Canadian. Oh, how nice. Very handsome guy, you
know. Very handsome. Stop, stop. He had a dark
mustache. Yeah. And so he was, I wanted him because
he was, you know, my best friend. I had to get some
kind of, establish some kind of, not only that, but
who am I going to ask? Here's this guy, we're
getting married, you know. Jesus, I know. George
is up there now. Excuse me, I don't mean to
interrupt, but Mackintosh actually stood up
once, but George and his second wife came to the
wedding. They were there. How long between the
dance and Lake Tahoe? April to October. April to
October. Before you get to the honeymoon scene,
can I just tell one little anecdote? The honeymoon
scene. Well, he's going to tell whatever it is. But
to kind of illustrate how I regarded him at that
period of time. As was said, I was into some other
kind of relationship that was breaking up, and I
was really having some security problems in many
different ways. money, relationships, the kids,
the whole thing. And to top it all off, my son, who
had gone off with his father up to Montana on a
fishing trip, up at Hungry Horse Dam, remote
Montana, got a call in the middle of the night, Mark
has penicillin, and I could envision, you know,
which Indian doctors and TPs and all, he had to have
immediate surgery, and just a whole lot of things
were going on with that. I had to get on a plane, go to
Montana, bring Mark back bent over with stitches
on the Great Northern Railroad and all of this.
This may come out later, but one of my typical
behaviors is I spend all my money, and when I get to
wherever I'm going, I always save enough for a
telephone call. I got back to San Francisco
Airport with Mark coming down the thing like this.
I had, at that time, pretty important, 25 cents or
whatever. 25 cents. 25 cents in my purse. And I had
to make a choice. Am I going to call my friend in San
Francisco to come and get me? Or am I going to call my
new friend, who's been showing me a lot of nice
thighs, to come and get me? And I opted to call Santa
Fe. And we waited, Mark all bent over and me. And I
remember him coming down. I could hear him coming.
His heels were clicking on the concourse. And he
had on that Tyrolean hat. Not my favorite. But here
came this, in my mind's eye, he's always been to me a
very substantial person.
I'm not sure what that all has to do with this. I
always wonder how he feels to me when I get married.
But the fact that he came, you know, just like that,
in my extremis, in my really dire need, I needed a
substantial somebody there. And he took us home.
And we weren't really all that close at that time.
This is a man I can count on. It's a man I can rely on. I
wanted people to need me and to get involved with
people. So I felt great. When do you think that
changed from the time when you didn't want to get
involved with people and you left? That doesn't
work. You have to... You cannot continue that
forever. It's on the run and no relationships.
When do you think that changed? As soon as I could.
As soon as I was able to communicate. Because it
wasn't me. That is not me. Was it only with Jean that
it's changed or was it before? Well, it was Jean
because it was... Because
if it was threatening, naturally, then I would...
But what I'm saying is, did this happen earlier
somewhere? It was a slow, gradual thing, or
somehow you found yourself enjoying being needed
at this time?
I would have preferred not to have to do the whole
damn thing. and not to have to go through that.
Well, how about in terms of, certainly it had to be
gradual. You couldn't go from being an absolute
loner to being really uncomfortable with people.
But you had the first job as a dishwasher, you said.
Did you establish a relationship there? So it was
really from the library that you had them, because
not too many questions were asked. You like to have
at least contact and talk about it, or just say
hello and talk about something and go your own way.
But the longer you, these longer 24-hour kind of
relationships are more difficult. There's so
much time, and usually, then it goes, you know,
school days, and that gets difficult. And I've
never asked you any questions about WW2, because
it gives me a big pain. She doesn't like WW2. Yeah,
you were going to say? Yeah, I was just following on
that still. So the Migrant Cruise, you said you had
established some friendships as it were there
with the family that was taking you in with the
daughter and all. But you could disappear from
those two. You'd have to take off. Well, was that
the first real enduring friendships that took
place in the Berkeley town? Berkeley? Oh, yes. I
had lots of friends. I established a lot of... male
friends and some girls dating. Was that the
journey point or was it somewhere before that?
Mostly at the university tennis courts. I think
that's where the nucleus of some real meaningful
relationship. That's where you met the Turk? The
Turk, this fellow Lowell Welch. who was married
and had two, what is it called? Three children with
cerebral palsy. Oh, how tragic. Oh,
that's tragic. Did you ever have any... What was
the longest girlfriend you had? Or a long-term
girlfriend?
Oh... The Countess? The Countess was probably
one. Then I knew her schoolteacher in Stockton,
and she got mad at me because I went skiing instead
of staying. Staying with her. Staying, you know.
Gina, is this a tough subject for you? No. And I
noticed, I went over my Social Security things,
jobs. Most of the jobs are much shorter than I
remember them.
So I
always had to, two or three months is all I could,
because I would imagine that somebody was closing
in on me somehow, because I'd probably done
something, or they had checked my application,
found that I didn't go to that school, and I was
non-existent or whatever, but I had written down
on these applications. Did you ever think, by the
way, of getting real, graduating transcripts or
certificates. These things can be arranged. You
can get, I don't know
whether you can get transcripts.
Well,
I didn't want to get involved in any
manufacturing. That's reasonable. I've said the
very same thing, not school teacher, but I've told
her. It makes you safe.
Where did we go? We had to go clear to Carson City.
And I remember we drove from South Shore, Tahoe, to
Carson City with absolutely no conversation.
Neither one of us said a word. I was terrified.
Absolutely terrified. He was terrified, and I was
having anxiety attacks. But I knew I had to do it.
It's like, you know, it's just the most
contradictory feelings in the world. Why did you
feel that you had to do it? This was your last
chance. kind of, not just last, the chance, you
know. This was the chance. The chance, yeah. If you
were going just stable, a family. Yeah, and these
things do not come along that many times in your
life. So you must take them. But then, what am I
doing? What am I doing to these people? You know,
and the guilt comes in, you know. So you go between
euphoria and guilt, up and down, up and down. You go
crazy. You sit there, and you can't talk. So then we
get to the front of the county clerk or whoever, and
we're filling out these papers. And they ask the
questions. Have you ever been there?
Oh, I
know now why I said that. People were getting
suspicious of me because I had not been married. In
California, that's a no-no. Oh, is that right? You
see, you know, and believing into adapting to the
culture I'm in. Yes. I simply, that's right. You
had to invent a divorce. I had to invent a divorce to
fit in. Sure, sure. Because then I was born. You
have one, I have one. Sure, sure. Now we're going to
have a divorce. Yes, I see. But did I say no when I was
married? Yes, yes. And I ran into that, see. A
little discrepancy. Oh, maybe he's nervous or
whatever it is. And my place in that period of time
was, well, all right, if that's what he said, then I
never asked a question. I never even asked him. Why
didn't you? He gave me a strange look. But she would
call me on these things sometimes, but she would
not. Continuously. I didn't pursue it. That's
what made her so comfortable. Yes. That's what
made it so comfortable. Yes, she would let me off
the hook. It wasn't that she didn't catch me at it.
And because that, of course, then she would have
been dumb. She would have scared you off and hurt
you. Yeah, well, I wouldn't have liked her if she
was that dumb. But you see, he didn't catch me at a
lot of things either. There's a quick pro quo here.
Yes, yes.
What would he have caught you in that? Well, I'm
sure there was a lot of dishonesty on both sides of
our relationship. As I indicated to you, I was
coming out of another one. I wasn't totally ready
for a new relationship. You didn't tell me we were
going to be chased down Bayshore or something. In a
convertible, yes. Like a movie, you know?
Rockford on... Oh, yes. We were both in a high-risk
group, I would say. and for the grace of God and all
of the luck in the world, whatever it is. You see,
there has to be something. Our basic goodness is
shining through. There's no way you can sit down
and tell you, people tell you you should do this and
that. Forget that. Just wait for the stars already
coming. Wait for that star. Believe in those
things. The same story that you read in the
foxhole? Right. Exactly. Okay, now I'm ready for
you to tell about the beach at Lake Tahoe. Yeah,
that's okay. So here it is, wedding night. We're
right on the water of this gorgeous Lake Tahoe.
What time was it? It was late October. Cold. Well,
she didn't write that in a matter of opinion. She
says... let's go down to the beach
let's go down
to the water
one of those swims yes and i freaked out because you
know what the neighbors call the cops. There's a
couple of nude people running around. I'm sure
there's an ordinance against nude swimming at
Lake Tahoe. I was always very concerned with minor
infractions, because I know that's how most guys
get caught. Don't go over the speed limit. Don't do
these things. Because they check you out, and then
they find out that you're wanted in 48, 50 states.
So she couldn't figure out why I all of a sudden,
because she probably sensed that I wasn't really,
I was not really against the whole idea somehow.
And then I would pull back. No, I wouldn't say that
now. And thereby created a confusion that lasted
itself for a long time, a lot of years, having to do
with spontaneity. It couldn't be. And if I had
known at that time I mean, in retrospect, it's hard
to say. I couldn't be spontaneous and take little
risks like that. A little risk. I really think I
could have handled it better, knowing at that time
what the reason for this inhibition was. Because I
could have talked my way out of it or whatever. But I
didn't. And it was then like a... It interfered
with our intimacy in many, many later ways. or this
fear of being apprehended. That's caused
problems. But if I had known at that point in time, I
think I really . You couldn't understand why he
could be spontaneous at one time and seemingly
prudish or halting at another time. The
inconsistencies of that kind of thing was what I
intuitively knew to be true when you were in
private. Yeah, and just in his other general
behavior. Because I'm not a fearful person. So
then I say, okay, all right, never mind that. Well,
it should be, because that's what kept you safe, is
that you were concerned. Let's just shove that
down somewhere. So that's why I say, that's why I
don't recommend that kind of lifestyle for... for
anybody, you know. I was just stuck and I had to do
it. Sure. But it's work that seems to have been
exactly the right decision. You know, it's many
compensation that evens itself out of it. Well, it
sounds like you weren't giving up much to be, to
get, you weren't giving up a freedom that you were
utilizing. No, I felt the freedom, the freedom
part I loved. But you, it sounds as though you have
more freedom in a way now. lifestyle I had to
change, you know, tremendously. But even that,
there's nothing wrong with living with migrant
workers and it's just a marvelous experience. But
those days are gone. Hands on kind of thing and I
know what I'm talking about and I wouldn't trade
that for anything now, you know, to have done it.
Because you can't do it, you have to do it when
you're very young. Just like some of the younger
students in the Kennedy years went off into Peace
Corps kind of thing. Really, that's what it was.
Idealism. Because idealism, you know, and I
wasn't... To really know... what they're like,
instead of just reading in magazines what they're
like. How did you feel about me when I marched
behind Linus Paul in the Peace Parade in Palo Alto
in 1965? He was hanging back, worrying about
whether or not I might attracts interest by the
authorities? Well, yes. Okay. This gives me
another connection of a friend of yours. That lady
that you go to lunch with every once in a while in
Honolulu that just resigned from the city
council, that always says, it's just another
test. You're just being tested. My wife is going
down protesting, may be arrested. She wants me to
go nude swimming. It's just another test. And
that's really a good thing. All these things, you
know, they throw these things at you. OK, here we go
again. You think you get over these tests, but no,
they want you dentists. What would you do if? Write
down what would you do. And I'll give you another
paper and tell you whether you're a dummy or not.
Jesus Christ, not another test. All your life, you
get test after test after test. Are you close?
Pretty soon. Probably. You've eaten already, so
you're OK. We're OK. Are you hungry? Actually, I'm
not. Maybe you'd prefer to just go do what you want
to do. Either if you're hungry, call us. I'll tell
you what I'd like to do tomorrow.
It would be reasonable that I could get employed in
this. I am, frankly, looking for a job at this
point. And I don't care. if it's in Colorado or
Hawaii or Texas or New York City, where I need a job
in the foreseeable future. Is there any way I
could... I don't know. There's no money coming in
yet. Yeah. Is there anything that I could
legitimately call a job? Oh, I see. Against future
earnings. Because it couldn't be now because
there's no money coming in.
Could we not put you on the payroll of the book so
that when the book does come out... You can take a
percentage as a researcher in the past or
something
like that. Let me toss that out. I don't know. I'd
have to stop. Part of it is our kind of iffy
situation i think we've indicated we're
trying to get over here
we really are and i spent most of the past week
interviewing and sending resumes and a lot of
stuff in colorado which may or may not turn out
there's a very good job possibility Which pays
very well, and I would take it if it comes by, but it
may not. Kind of like to have a stepping stone back
to the mainland. He's got to stay there because
he's got the job. Right. So you would live in
different places.
Have you lived in the park before? Six months. Six
weeks. Months. Weeks. Was it? Six weeks. Six
months. Yeah, my time goes by what I feel. Sure. Oh,
I see. I see. But I think throughout our marriage,
we have had enough security about what we're
doing. If I didn't
go out, he'd be gone. Actually, it's kind of weird.
Yeah, makes you need him. makes him need you more.
No, he needs me. I need him. But he does a lot of
things for himself that gives him pleasure to do.
And he doesn't do it. What are some of those things?
He wants to make salad. He's a great salad maker.
When I'm there, I say, did you wash the tomato? She
thought she would freak me out with these ideas of
hers. Of course, I don't get freaked out very
easily. You don't show it anyway. No, I don't show
it. Like I said, and then I make some kind of a speech
or some kind of thing. And I said, you know, it's
just, she's just like a wild Mustang, you know, a
beautiful horse, wild. And you just, when you
break in a Mustang, you don't jump on it and start to
ride it, you know, you let it run and run and run
until it gets tired before you jump on it. I see. And
she liked that. Sounds very much like the ring that
you got from the arrow. I could kill myself for
throwing it. Oh, no, no, no. You can get another
one. You both have that same need to be... We can go
probably to North Africa and get another one at any
bazaar. I bet you they still make it. Maybe we won't
have to do that. You might. I'd love to go back and
find one just like it. Almost like it. But it had a
was a Steinbach, and it's my sign, it turns out. My
niece sent it to me. She sent me the Geburtstag book
for your day, December 18th, the whole book. I have
it here. And it's my Steinbach that is my sign. And
it's a description in German of my type of person
that I am, exactly. You get into that kind of stuff,
you wonder. You really start to wonder. Just take
it. Don't worry about it. Well, if I can think of a
way to put you on the payroll somehow. The question
is, though, are you asking for something right now
that would just add to the resume for a link here, or
are you asking for something that's a real
honest-to-goodness job right now? Well, that
won't be in the book, because there's no money
coming in on the book yet. There won't be... But you
mentioned it to be available for informational
purposes. Oh, there's going to be many times that
I'm going to have to call and say, I just don't know
what... I would
like to provide, would be, I would like to be the
translator of the book into German. Into German?
Into German. That's usually done by the way by the
German publishers. They pay for the... I didn't
translate any... That's what I was wondering.
Well, I would, if there's any way... I would, yeah,
I would like to reserve that. Because, of course,
my German right now is not the world's greatest,
you know. But my niece, Roswitha Bergman, is a
major in German literature. And, you know, she
would naturally, you know, she and I could
collaborate. It's the best translation in the
world. And I found out she's involved in a
theatrical production right now. She dropped out
of university. She has this thing about the
theater. We can certainly offer that to the
publisher. That's no problem. But usually it's
done by, I didn't translate a word on that. I know
you were surprised about the whole thing. That's
why I brought it up, because I always believe in
putting it out, you know, because people then say,
well, you should have told me, you see? And so, you
know, it's too late. It's too late. If you told me,
it would have been great, yeah. So I'm putting it
out. First of all, sometime and knowing whoever is
in charge of my life is going to probably throw me
back into it. And in six, eight months or less than
that, I probably get it. And I really love my
original language. It isn't that. I was quite good
at it. We can certainly throw that in. And I'm very,
very particular. I cannot, and I have a feeling for
poetry in words that includes every P. Well, you
have to be quite aware of words and nuances. Yes, I
know when there are too many P's in there, I take it
all out. I look at it as an artist. We can certainly
throw that into it. Let me ask you about
girlfriends once more. You were saying that I just
need to pin it down. There were girlfriends along
the way. Except I couldn't form any lasting
relationships because, although I probably
wanted to many times, because they want to know
everything about you. Right. Where is your
father? Where are they living? What did he do for a
living? What school did you go to? What did you
major in? Yes. And I don't know any of these. And I
didn't want to manufacture too much. First of all,
you get caught. I'd rather say, OK. So I'd just say,
OK. What was the longest relationship you had,
let's say?
A couple of months, two or three months. And to get
serious, some of them even, maybe they weren't the
question, maybe they just wanted to get married.
And that would scare me.
A variety of things, because maybe I liked him
enough, but it wasn't the comment, the star. It had
to be the star. Anybody serious that you would
think back on? Oh yes, yes, yes, I have a few
questions. Yeah, there was this one girl, I was ski
instructor at Sugar Bowl. At where? At Sugar Bowl.
Sugar Bowl. And she kind of, as my boss Bill Klein
pointed out to me, when he called me into a private
company, Dennis, I want you to discontinue that
relationship. Because my instructors do not get
involved with their students. And because you're
not going to be happy. It's not going to work out, I
can tell you that. You've got to go out and earn your
own living and not marry just some gal or anybody
that comes along in this business. Because girls
fall in love with ski instructors, et cetera, et
cetera. Of course, he didn't point out that his
predecessor, the one that formed this whole sugar
bowl, married 55 million railroad, the Union
Railroad, lived happily ever after. He forgot to
mention that. But anyway. It was pretty
paternalistic. He really took a fondly interest
in what his instructor said. He felt I was going to
get into trouble with this girl. Who was a... real
charming, you know, the California type girl,
very charming, big smile all the time, big
California smile, very bright, you know. She was
an advertising manager for a shopping center in
Sacramento. That shopping center in those girl's
days was the big, you know, nobody ever heard of
him. This guy she worked for was a pioneer in this
and she was writing columns in the paper. So, you
know, you're talking about a very bright girl. And
from an ordinary Sacramento family. So that was
the first kind of relationship. But I had no way of
sustaining it because I had no job. Once the season
was over, where would I go? I'd have to go back and
maybe pick peaches or cherries, whatever was in
season. About what years were these? This is 50?
Probably 50. 49,
maybe. I mean, I hadn't been out for very long.
Yeah, so really years went by without a long
relationship. Yeah. What did you do for friends or
for companions?
I didn't really need any. I didn't really want any.
I think there were so many impacts on my life. The
land, just as an observer to... to go silently
through the land and see it, and watch the people.
If you're a people watcher, I'm a people watcher.
And I would walk for miles and miles, a tire myself
out. I mean miles. Like 50. 50 miles. Through Los
Angeles. 12 o'clock at night until I was dead bone
tired.
But nothing is dull about walking through these
cities. You lived in a rooming house or you lived in
a- Some little hotel, whatever it was, rooming
house. Then later on, I would live in, there were
some rooming houses that were very comfortable
with these charming ladies that run these One was
in Stockton. Her name was Tisha Cochran. She was
from Texas. I mean, they take you in like a
combination mother and girlfriend. They worry
about your job. They try to get you jobs. Why don't
you become a... I know somebody who is a sheet metal
worker. Why don't you join the union? And that kind
of thing. They try to help you. They want you, you
know, why do you live alone? Why don't you get
married? They mother you. They worry about you.
They found that place in Stockton, to Chicago. So
you wouldn't get the whole thing, but, you know,
that was enough. You can live on that, barely, you
know. That somebody cares and you talk about it.
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Be nice to join a union and
become a cheap metal worker and make $200 a week.
Sounds kind of lonely. Hmm? Sounds kind of lonely.
Oh, it is. That's what I say. I don't recommend it. I
do not recommend it.
At all. But it beats... Slave labor camp in Russia.
No question about that. No question about that. As
soon as you bring this up, OK, then what's the
alternative, you see? Yes. You see? Fine. Never
any doubt, you see? How did you find the job in
Clinton's? Clinton's? Probably had a sign in the
window. And I looked it up. It wasn't all that long.
I only made $250. I thought I'd been there six
months. But the impression was very strong. at
Clinton's. Why?
The place was huge. Hundreds of people. And a
tremendous amount
of food. Something that most people have never
seen in their lives,
so much food and so many people. Noise and . in a cave
downstairs in the basement. I don't know, it just,
it had something about the caveman type thing, who
knows, you know, that instinct. But then also it
frightened me because you can't get out. And
that's another story because I had once, I could
not ever be in a place that didn't have at least two
exits.
A friend of mine, another colleague,
ski instructor, who took like me, and I liked him,
couldn't help like him. He could play the guitar,
yodel even, but he was a westerner, a real good
westerner, American through and through. He
helped me with a summer job. He says, Dennis, I
think I can get you the pro job at the Awani Hotel in
Yosemite.
Well, what year was this?
I think it was 1949. Very early. I had a speech
problem. I couldn't talk that well. Well, I talked
well enough that I could teach skiing. Nobody
bothered me. I was in my element. And probably the
students didn't mind my accent. They didn't
question. They didn't go in and say, hey, who'd you
get there for a ski instructor? I knew my business.
They became good skiers. They loved me. So that
question never came up. But then you'd get thrown
into other environments. You have to learn a new
jargon and a new background. And
I backed up, you see. Pardon? OK. So he says, go in
there. You got the job. Report. You got the job. I
drove in to Yosemite, which, of course, is one of
the most beautiful places. First of all, you're
overwhelmed by the nature. 1,000, 1,500 feet of
rocks on all sides, 1,700 feet waterfalls coming
down. At night, they go up at the top of 1,700 feet
and they build huge fireplaces and kick the
timbers down and they fall down 1,700 feet. They
play the guitar over fireplaces. I mean, the whole
thing. You were Dennis at the time or Peter
Pearson? I must have been Dennis already. I didn't
have to switch after that. That was about 49 or 50.
49 or 50. I just barely got into the dance. And they
weren't quite open about a week away from opening
for the season. And they just gave me a place to
sleep and just wait until the opening. And a couple
of nights went by, and I looked at those rocks, and
there's only one way out of this place, Yosemite
Belt. It's a dead end street, see? 2,000 feet high,
all the way around. And a storm came up,
lightning. And I got in the car, and I went out,
drove in that lightning.
I mean, complete, I just left. I don't know what
that guy ever thought of me. I let him down, you
know, ran out of a job. Years later, I was talking
about it, relating that same story. Why didn't you
leave that job? Who were you talking to? Oh, some
co-worker. I was working, I think, at Capwell's,
window decorator or something, and I said,
relating that story. You have to tell a story
sometimes. You can't just sit there like on a
stump. So whatever comes to my mind that you want to
tell, you tell. And this guy said, you know, my wife
can't stand Yosemite. She gets claustrophobia.
And I looked at him and said, that's exactly what I
had. Because I could never understand my own
behavior. I could not, I cannot be in this
beautiful, gigantic cave. I left it and hurt my
best friend's feelings.
And you saw him again. I don't think I did. He got me
another job. He could have gotten, he said, I can
get you a job. I can get you to the National Forest
and to the Forest Service. He was a forest ranger.
Have
you met these people? I had jobs. I could have been
in all kinds of things.
He was in Bryce Canyon. He married a girl who liked
me very much. But, you know, I just, and anyway,
they got married and they were happy. They had six
children, lived happily forever after. And they
both, you know, liked me very much. They wanted me
to join the Forest Service, got me, tried to get me
jobs. Whatever I wanted, you know, what can't we
help you, Dennis?
Are you still friends, or you haven't seen these
people in some years? He named his first son after
me. He's named Dennis. I'm his godfather. I'm the
godfather. How nice. Send me pictures for a while.
What a nice thing. I feel guilty. Why? Because I'm
not a good godfather. I don't send him any birthday
cards and things like that. I feel terrible. Why
don't you? I don't know. Well, I just don't know.
It's just... You know, you could send these things
without ever revealing anything. Oh. Marriage is
so time-consuming. Marriage is time-consuming,
and I don't know what happens. A strange thing
happens. A guilt thing happens. Because you
didn't let him down?